Make  fail closed on modexp failure (#6638)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: .changeset/twenty-states-taste.md

Reviewer: do we need this changeset ?

Reviewer 2: Good question, users already were checking the returned value so there's no "call to action". Still, the change is strictly a semantical update users would notice.

I'm fine either way

---
'openzeppelin-solidity': patch
---

> Return `false` from `pkcs1Sha256` instead of reverting when modular exponentiation fails (e.g. the precompile runs out of gas on oversized inputs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`RSA`: Return `false` from `pkcs1Sha256` instead of reverting when modular exponentiation fails.
```
